= Browser-prof

This is a simple tool to profile single web requests in Rails using the power or ruby-prof.
This gem is a based on the discontinued Browser Profiler (http://rubyforge.org/projects/browser-prof).

* Easy walking through complex changes
* Low overhead in development mode
* MIT licensed

== Installation & basic usage

You can run browser-prof either as a plugin or through rubygems.
For plugin:

  $ ./script/plugin install http://github.com/barttenbrinke/browser-prof.git

For rubygems, add the following lines to your Bundle file:
  gem 'browser-prof'
  gem 'ruby-prof'

  $ bundle install

Add a require 'browser-prof' to your environment.rb

== Profiling

Add ruby-prof to your Gemfile, run bundle install and start op your server environment.
To profile, just open any url:

  $ http://0.0.0.0:3000/some/action?browser_profile!

On the botton of your page a html ruby-prof trace will be appended.
Please note that the action will take lot longer, as it will be passed through ruby-prof.

If you want to profile PDF, Json or post actions, just run the following command:
  $ http://0.0.0.0:3000/some/action.js?file_profile!

This will write the results to /log/. You can take a look at this through any browser.
  $ open log/profile_out.html

== Additional information

Browser-profile was originally designed and built by Aaron Batalion (aaron@hungrymachine.com)
and is now maintained by Bart ten Brinke.

Do you have a rails application that is not performing as it should? If you need
an expert to analyze your application, feel free to contact either Willem van
Bergen (willem@railsdoctors.com) or Bart ten Brinke (bart@railsdoctors.com).

* railsdoctors homepage: http://railsdoctors.com